Agent: Hello. Yes, tell me.
Customer: Good morning. Good afternoon, sir. I'm calling from digital.com, customer service department.
Agent: Yes, tell me. Tell me.
Customer: Sir, Vignan, CS professional, Richard, we have registered in the digital, right? Kiran Kumar and Richard, are
Agent: you talking? Yes, just tell me, madam.
Customer: Sir, Ethan, are you concerned, sir, in contact law?
Agent: Concern, I mean, we have placed three queries. Okay, sir. Iran, here, actually, just completely dropped the department, as in, initially. 3 years back to say 400 leads from us, 2 years back to say 300, last year, previous to previous years. Year to say 150 leads from us. Why do you think I had a max again? Because my academy has related services and courses. It is very good in market actually. But these days leads completely drop out. Year on year like 50% of the leads drop out. 50% business owner drop out, me saying it's possible. Reason ain't he?
Customer: Let's read forward out there sir. Hmm. I'm
Agent: already mail got picked out here, you wouldn't see. And second is JustDial website is displayed in Google, right? Google search case is not possible. So, in that page, in JustDial information, POP2 Institute Some other institute name is from this. That institute already closed five years back. But she is referring that institute only as a customer service.
Customer: What is the name of that institute?
Agent: Digvijay. Digvijay is the name
Customer: of the company.
Agent: What is the name of the company?
Customer: What is the name of the company?
Agent: जेर मेरा में शक्ति हैं विज्ञान स्यस्कुमा Why are you misleading the customers in the market? You are giving the details of Lozang Company first. You are giving the details of our first position second. Why is it happening like this?
Customer: What kind of surges are you getting? What kind of surges are you getting? What kind
Agent: of reflexes are you getting? PS Coaching Institute in Hyderabad has come. P.F. Protein Institute. Hi, hello. One second, sir. I don't need any discussion on this again. Okay. I don't know how to go to the renewal. Because if you drop out 50% of leads, who will go for each? And the reason is, if you don't update the latest keywords in your server, you don't have a proper process to do it. If you question why the leads are going down, there is no answer to that. There is only one simple solution for this. You have to update your keywords in server feature. Keywords, you need to update the keywords on your server. Google keywords. If you don't update it, it will automatically get deleted. If you tell
Customer: someone, they will tell you a big process. I have
Agent: already sent it. I have already sent it. Categories are just keywords. If I select a category, they will tell me to add keywords.
Customer: Okay. Whom did you communicate with, sir?
Agent: Jain, Rajesh, Suresh are there. We are communicating with
Customer: them. Rajesh and Suresh are there, right? Yes. Okay, madam. Okay, sir. I will find out what the process is. Okay, ma'am. I will find out what they are
Agent: up to. We have already suggested a few keywords to them to add because they are relevant to our business. The reason why we don't have those keywords is because we don't have top listed keywords in Google. We will update you on that later. So you have to learn that actually. Your company people have to learn what is the famous keyword and what are the People are relevant business customer
Customer: success team. Okay. Thank you. No, nothing much. Thank you. Sure. Thank you sir. Thank you very much. Have a great day.